Citing data (#342)
SuperDARN/rst: docs/user_guide/citing.md

# How to cite SuperDARN

> Super Dual Auroral Radar Network (SuperDARN) is a made up of 36 radars 20 institutions, to cite general SuperDARN you can use: 
> 
> - Greenwald, R.A., Baker, K.B., Dudeney, J.R. et al. Space Sci Rev (1995) 71: 761. [doi:10.1007/BF00751350](https://doi.org/10.1007/BF00751350)
> 
> For the general achievements of the SuperDARN Network, you can read these papers: 
> 
> - Chisham, G., Lester, M., Milan, S.E. et al. A decade of the Super Dual Auroral Radar Network (SuperDARN): scientific achievements, new techniques and future directions. Surv Geophys 28, 33–109 (2007) [doi:10.1007/s10712-007-9017-8](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10712-007-9017-8)
> - Nishitani, N., Ruohoniemi, J.M., Lester, M. et al. Review of the accomplishments of mid-latitude Super Dual Auroral Radar Network (SuperDARN) HF radars. Prog Earth Planet Sci 6, 27 (2019) [doi:10.1186/s40645-019-0270-5](https://progearthplanetsci.springeropen.com/articles/10.1186/s40645-019-0270-5)

Reviewer: Copying my suggestion from `README.md`:

```suggestion
The Super Dual Auroral Radar Network (SuperDARN) consists of more than 30 radars operated by institutions in 10 different countries. The following review papers are recommended for general information about the network's scientific achievements, and for citing SuperDARN in publications:

Greenwald, R.A., Baker, K.B., Dudeney, J.R. et al. Space Sci Rev (1995) 71: 761. doi:10.1007/BF00751350

Chisham, G., Lester, M., Milan, S.E. et al. A decade of the Super Dual Auroral Radar Network (SuperDARN): scientific achievements, new techniques and future directions. Surv Geophys 28, 33–109 (2007) doi:10.1007/s10712-007-9017-8

Nishitani, N., Ruohoniemi, J.M., Lester, M. et al. Review of the accomplishments of mid-latitude Super Dual Auroral Radar Network (SuperDARN) HF radars. Prog Earth Planet Sci 6, 27 (2019) doi:10.1186/s40645-019-0270-5
```

During your study, if using data from individual radars only, please contact the Principal Investigator (PI) of that radar about potential co-authorship. 
A list of radars, institutions, and their PI's information can be found [here](http://vt.superdarn.org/tiki-index.php?page=Radar+Overview).  

## DOI

Currently SuperDARN in the process of placing DOI's on their data set. In the meantime, please use any local available services to DOI your data set. 
Possible services:

  - [FRDR](https://www.frdr.ca/repo/): Canadian resource 
  - [zenodo](https://help.zenodo.org/features/) 

# Citing RST

Click on DOI badge:
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.3994968.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3994968)

Scroll to the bottom and copy *Share Cite as* text or clicking on the preferred *Export* type. 

## Acknowledgments 

RST is also built on various scientific algorithms and libraries: 

- [AACGM and AACGMv2](http://superdarn.thayer.dartmouth.edu/aacgm.html)
- IGRF
- Chisham Virtual Hieght Model 
- Dr. Evan Thomas Statistical Convection Map models 
- Dr. Shepherd Elevation Angle algorithm 

> -

Reviewer: Perhaps we should finalise the procedure for acknowledging these libraries before including this information here? We also need to make a more comprehensive list of libraries (it will be quite long). If we're keen on including a preliminary list now, we should provide links to the published papers (I can help with that).

Author: So you want to delete this section for now?

Reviewer: ok, I suggest that we can delete this for now and revisit it when we've made more progress with the authorship/acknowledgements. 

```suggestion
```
